{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red225\green228\blue229;\red0\green0\blue0;\red28\green134\blue236;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c90588\c91373\c91765;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c11373\c60784\c94118;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Landing page prompt\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Design a complete landing page for a fictional company called DevMode. DevMode is a software tool that allows users to see the code behind any visual interface. It helps developers and designers collaborate more efficiently by instantly revealing front-end code for any visual element.\
\
The design should be clean, modern, and minimal, with generous white space and a layout inspired by high-end design tools. Background sections should use soft, light colors such as pastel yellow-green ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/hashtag/F1FFD4?src=hashtag_click"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 #F1FFD4}}), light lavender ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/hashtag/E8D9F0?src=hashtag_click"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 #E8D9F0}}), neutral off-white ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/hashtag/FAFAFA?src=hashtag_click"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 #FAFAFA}}), and rich black ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/hashtag/0A0A0A?src=hashtag_click"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 #0A0A0A}}) for contrast sections. Typography should include large, bold sans-serif headlines around 40 to 48 pixels, clean body text around 16 to 18 pixels, and strong hierarchy through font weight and spacing.\
\
Accent colors should be vibrant but used sparingly, including electric blue ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/hashtag/00AEEF?src=hashtag_click"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 #00AEEF}}), soft pink ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/hashtag/FFB3C1?src=hashtag_click"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 #FFB3C1}}), lime green ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/hashtag/A5E887?src=hashtag_click"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 #A5E887}}), bright orange ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/hashtag/FFA500?src=hashtag_click"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 #FFA500}}), and deep plum ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/hashtag/4B0055?src=hashtag_click"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 #4B0055}}). All graphics should be SVG only, with no photos or raster images. Visuals should include abstract vector shapes like circles, squiggles, and geometric blocks, as well as UI mockups represented through SVG split views showing interface designs and their corresponding code output.\
\
The landing page should begin with a hero section featuring a headline like \'93Visualize. Inspect. Code.\'94 and a subheading such as \'93DevMode lets you see the code behind any interface, instantly.\'94 The call-to-action should say \'93Try it free,\'94 and be paired with a split-view SVG showing UI blocks on one side and code on the other.\
\
Following the hero, include a feature section with three to four icons and short descriptions such as \'93Live Code Preview,\'94 \'93Component Breakdown,\'94 and \'93Instant Copy-Paste.\'94 Then add a walkthrough section showing how DevMode works, with left-aligned explanatory text and right-aligned SVGs simulating the interface with tabs like Visual Mode, Code Mode, and Layers.\
\
Include a section focused on developer tools, featuring SVG cards showing code snippets, Git integration, and export options. Follow this with a team workflow section demonstrating collaboration between developers, designers, and product teams, using quotes or team avatars and SVGs of shared workspaces.\
\
Close the landing page with a strong call to action like \'93See the code. Build with clarity,\'94 accompanied by a colorful abstract background and a button that says \'93Start using DevMode.\'94\
\
The footer should use a black background ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://x.com/hashtag/0A0A0A?src=hashtag_click"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \strokec4 #0A0A0A}}) with neatly organized links for Product, Use Cases, Docs, Company, Community, and Legal. The tone throughout should be empowering, transparent, and developer-first, while still feeling accessible to designers and teams.}